13 brother
This thing
If you don't have a chest, keep it for you.
Bah
You are not qualified to call me thirteenth brother
You have the guts to say it again
You are no longer the prince of the hero
You have no right to call me
10 It's not because of you
How could I be where I am today without you?
Just rely on the pig brain of Lao Si
What did he tell me?
Waste is waste
Believe it or not, I'll shoot you right now
The people are safe
What are you pretending to do with me now?
This king will be the emperor of big money in the future
The common people are naturally at peace
Li Walker, if you really want to be emperor
Then I will explain to you.
That is to forget him
Untie
That is.
The villain dies in the picture
What did General Hu Chen Yuanxiao promise you?
This king doubles it for you
In the future, this king will ascend the throne
Directly divide you half of the country
half the country
That's how you become a prince